
The Sample Companies webapp is a REST web service written in Python,
using Google Appengine with webapp2. The client is written in Python,
using the webapp2 html template language. I have not used JSON or
Javascript, because the client and the data were simple.

I have not implemented versioning of the data themselves, becuause it
was far from trivial to do that in appengine.

For authentication, I would use Google authentication for a consumer
webapp, because it's dead easy on Appengine. For an inhouse app for a
specific company, I would incorporate their own method. If they did
not have a good one, I would recommend using Google's authentication.

As for redundancy, Google handles that seamlessly for any Appengine
app with their disaster recovery systems.

The database contains many more or less complete companies. Please
make your own, and see that things work.



THE CURL INTERFACE:


VIEWING ALL COMPANIES:

Syntax for viewing all companies with curl:

curl transfarmr.dictatr.com/companies

This will give you the company IDS for all the companies.



VIEWING ONE COMPANY:

Syntax for viewing one company with curl (you will need the company ID
- see above):

curl transfarmr.dictatr.com/company/[company ID]

The company ID as always an integer. for example, the ID for the
company Facebook Inc is 117008, so that would be:

curl transfarmr.dictatr.com/company/117008

This view will give you the IDs of the owners and directors of the
company. This is used when you want to upload a passport pdf file for
them with curl.



EDITING A COMPANY:

Syntax for editing a company with curl (again, you will need the
company ID):

curl transfarmr.dictatr.com/edited -d company_id=[company id] -d
address="Bourbon Street" -d country="Latvia"

The first bit of data; the company ID, is required. after that, just
add on as many attributes as you want to change. No other fields will change.



ADDING A COMPANY:

Minimum syntax for adding a company:

curl transfarmr.dictatr.com/added -d company_id=[company id]

More relevant example:

curl transfarmr.dictatr.com/added -d name="International Business
Machine Corporation" -d address="116 bourbon street" -d city="NYC"
-d country="USA" -d email="tom@gmail.com" -d phone_number=83838383

In the client, you are reqired to fill in the first four
fields. However, with curl, you can add a company without any of the
required fields, as long as you fill in at least one field. This means
you could end up with nameless companies. These will show up as None
in the client. 



ADDING AN OWNER OR DIRECTOR:

Syntax for adding an owner (you need the company id):

curl localhost:8080/edited -d owner_name="ramon hines" -d company_id=25



ATTACHING A PDF PASSPORT:

For this, you will need the ID of the owner or director you wish to
attach a pdf passport to. This is found in the company view (see
above).

Syntax for uploading a pdf file:

curl --form passport=@"/path/to/filename.pdf"
 --form press="Upload" transfarmr.dictatr.com/owneredited/[owner ID]

For directors, the URL will be "directoredited" instead of "owneredited".

If you upload a new passport file, it will overwrite the old file silently.



